In December 30th, 1942, dear mother, dad and gang, so I'm not supposed to tell you where I've been, I think even the hardest of senses would let a guy tell about Christmas Day as I enjoyed it over here. I have to start with Christmas Eve. It was then I opened your various Christmas parties. Some of the fellows, you rat. They've got any wrong helping and grabbing. Hey, lay off, you guys. These are my cookies. I like cookies. Hey, Charlie, your mother's a swell crook. Well, they opened this one, Charlie. It's small, but they hit it. See, will you look at that. This is what I've been hearing for. What is it? Oh, that's a parking net zone. Isn't that swell? My father sent me that. No, I don't care whether I can get new razor blades or not. You better hang on to that, brother, or I'll be swiping it. You can have anything but my whetstone. I'm gonna hang on to this. Come in. I'm gonna have dinner with the queen. Huh? She's been out in the sun too long. That's what's been no good. Lieutenant Sam Brush and I have been chosen as the two American officers to have Christmas dinner with Queen Mary. Wow! It wasn't pretty, Mother and Dad. We really were invited. You know, Mother, you've always told me it was nice to take along some little things for your hostess. So thanks to your Christmas presents, I was able to put together a small package for the Queen. I admit I hesitated some time over what to put in. And it was partly a royal looking parcel. A box-level perfection paper with six strokes. But I somehow thought the Queen wouldn't mind. Well, when we got there, Your Majesty, Captain George Dudley, Lieutenant Sembrek. I will do Captain Sembrek. Captain Sembrek, thank you. It was very nice of you to come. Nice of us. Darling. I think Christmas is a time when we all want to meet our families. But if you come, the next best thing is to give it to someone else. My family goes not by the road, too. Oh, yes. Yes, I guess that's wrong. Now, just being careful. Will you accept a little gift from me? Captain, I have one to give and one to you. Thank you. Thank you, Your Majesty. Yes, I do. I do. You have a kind of gift. But that's why I need time to express it to you. Yes, it is, you might have seen. When you laugh, I guess. It isn't really paper clips, but that's the only box I have. Oh, it's a box, it's a box. Let all of them out, please. It's a gift, I shall be. It's a cigarette. It's a deal, sir. I've got a deal with ten knives and a pencil. Oh, well, I hang on to these. It's a question. The shop in Merrick is right the way today. I thought that maybe that's the truth. Maybe the game had a reason. I think it's the very thing you need. You're the thing putting your stuff in a box with some foam. I think it's the very thing I want you to share with me. I'll be there. Join the other guest. I'll be there. Pat him that way. Walk with it on my leg. I would like to hear about the myth of your family. All of it is true. How? When you give me a brush and I left with you tonight, is it worth spending evening with old friends? Here we go. Must close now. Hope you're all well. Well done, Charlie.